    What are the three major groups of programming errors? Give an example to each of them!

        -Syntax errors

            leaving out a keyword
            putting a keyword in the wrong place
            leaving out a symbol, such as a colon, comma or brackets
            misspelling a keyword
            incorrect indentation
            empty block

        -Runtime errors

            division by zero
            performing an operation on incompatible types
            using an identifier which has not been defined
            accessing a list element, dictionary value or object attribute which doesn’t exist
            trying to access a file which doesn’t exist

        -Logical errors


            using the wrong variable name
            indenting a block to the wrong level
            using integer division instead of floating-point division
            getting operator precedence wrong
            making a mistake in a boolean expression
            off-by-one, and other numerical errors

    What are exceptions in Python?
        
        Python uses them to indicate that something exceptional has occurred,
         and that your program cannot continue unless it is handled.
    
    What is the try-except statement good for in Python?

        For catching potencial errors in your code - especially for user input and file reading

    What is the structure of the try and except statement in Python? Which statement can be used multiple times?

        try:
            #line of code that we want to check whether it gives an error
        except error_name:
            #what do we want to do after an error occurs
        except error_name_bis:
            #etc.
        except (error_one, error_two):
            #blah blah blah

    When should we use if and when try and except in our code to prevent errors in Python?


    What does the else and finally statement in a try-except block in Python?
    How to print out the details of the exception occured in Python?
    What is the raise statement good for in Python?
    What techniques can you use while debugging a program in Python?
    What is logging and how does it work in Python?
    What are logging levels in Python?


        CRITICAL – for very serious errors
        ERROR – for less serious errors
        WARNING – for warnings
        INFO – for important informative messages
        DEBUG – for detailed debugging messages

    What is the parent exception (more general type) for UnicodeError exception in Python?